c:\users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\obj\Debug\FriendsApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\obj\Debug\FriendsApp.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\obj\Debug\FriendsApp.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\obj\Debug\FriendsApp.Friends_MasterPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\bin\Debug\FriendsApp.dll
c:\users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\bin\Debug\FriendsApp.pdb
c:\users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\bin\Debug\Interfaces.dll
c:\users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\bin\Debug\Interfaces.pdb
c:\users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\obj\Debug\FriendsApp.dll
c:\users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\obj\Debug\FriendsApp.pdb
C:\Users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\bin\Debug\NewEntities.dll
C:\Users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\bin\Debug\NewEntities.pdb
C:\Users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\obj\Debug\FriendsApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\alex_\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\FriendsApp\bin\Debug\FriendsApp.dll.mdb
